Hello, ladies and gentlemen of Harbor Town! How are you doing?
I'm Cameron Esmesino. I'm your Comptroller Assistant.
Stepping up to official Comptroller for tonight only. Thank you so much for having me.
We have a great lineup of your favorites. You know them from this show, which they created, including Spencer!
I asked him what his title is. He said no title. He also asked that I specifically did not use his last name.
He's this show's Madonna. You're a good girl. And now please rise.
No, you can stay seated. For your mayor, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Cameron Esmesino.
Yep. I'm in a good mood. I poked your belly backstage. I gave you a little Pillsbury poke. Have I ever done that before?
Oh yeah, all the time. The weird thing is you always ask me if you've done it before.
No, no. It's never happened before. What did you like about it? We've never done it before. It was a spontaneous, magical moment we shared.
Nothing normal people do. And my relationship with you is based on something stronger than normality, which is our undiagnosed spectral disorders, like whatever they may be.
But sometimes it gets lonely. Sometimes you look around and you wonder, should I just die? Am I going to turn into a skeleton?
We talked on Mother's Day about the family and what are our obligations to family?
Boy, I love getting those tweets when you guys want to flaunt your normality.
It's always good. Just fire off a tweet to a stranger if you listen to their podcast and just tell them how their family works. That's not a stupid thing to do.
That's not going to trigger anyone. Your family is probably identical to anyone in the world, right?
Especially if you heard them on a podcast. That seals the deal.
My family is identical. Hey, Dan, can I just ask you a point of order? Spencer, belly poke, over shirt or undershirt?
I pulled my shirt up.
Yeah, I wanted to ask. I mean, because honestly, I feel like as a woman in Hollywood, it's really important to be treated the same way as anybody else.
And so just if you wouldn't mind.
But we're not all created equal. It's a thing. It's a belly thing. My finger is bruised on what I assume is a washboard.
Oh, yeah, it's a real washboard under there.
A flat lesbian superhero like trampoline.
Is that what it looks like on the outside of my clothes when you look at me?
No, that's what I felt like. I was like, oh, man, you're like a Barbie doll. It's like solid plastic, but not in an artificial sense.
You're a woman of substance, but your body is obviously lies and she's gay and I'm not married.
This is making me feel so good. Please don't feel like you have to stop. If I felt great about my body, it wouldn't be a stand up comic.
It's obnoxious. Everything I do.
Okay. Well, I just thought it was super normal. Like I didn't even think, oh, this is a weird thing. So maybe we're like becoming even more normal.
Through each other. Yeah, like we're leveling up.
That'd be nice. I think like, okay, I'm just looking for, I don't know what to talk about first. Just give me a second. Don't act like you're not entitled to anything.
Yes, you are. $10 worth of. So sorry, I didn't mean to lash out at you. You also drove through heavy traffic. I'm sorry. I'm sorry about that.
I'm going to do better than that. I acknowledge my crime. I express remorse and I'll do something to change it. Okay, that was generic, but you get the idea.
We were walking here out of... Right, all of us. No. Myself, my lover Cody and my squire, Steve Levy, and we walked past.
There was a guy standing in the doorway and I don't know what the PC... We used to just, like five years ago, we'd just go homeless.
You know, you go, it's a homeless guy and we kind of all go, yeah, and then we start to think like, well, wait, what if he has a home, but he's just like...
What do you say, dirty? He was a person of dirt. It was a filth American.
I think you should keep going. Just keep grabbing at stars. Yeah, it feels like you're going in the right direction.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I will definitely hit a perfect sensitive spot. Yeah, that's how sensitive it works. Just throw shit against the wall. That's not how racism starts.
What is he? A peanut? A peanut? I mean, I think we should talk about whether or not this person deserved it. You know what I mean? Just get right to that.
I would definitely say no because, you know, I'm a rebel. I think our economic system is flawed. I think I'm overpaid for what I do. I'm sure he's underpaid for lurking in the doorway.
I would give him at least a dollar more an hour to do that than I'm taking away from the job of complaining about networks.
I like this. This is kind of nice because you're the Bernie M. Hillary.
Are you stuck? Not about people that live on the street but just about every other issue. I agree with you on that.
Can I be Trump? Okay.
I think Trump's success is due to the idea that we can all be Trump. It has so little to do with acquiring anything and so much to do with letting go of so much that has burdened us.
Yeah. I hate stuff.
It's like, what if my brain was a rocket in its final stage and all of the thrusters fell away leaving only the lizard cortex?
Just like, I'm a winner. You're a loser.
Just hit the moon and blow it up and sell the chunks to yourself and then lie about how much you did. That guy's amazing.
We were walking and we walked past a lurker in the doorway, a skexie.
And dark crystal. Look it up. Just as we got, there's a person in the doorway. There's no threat. Nothing's going to happen.
And then right as my ear was in his mouth, he made this sound and I wrote it down. I spelled it P-L-O-U-M-P.
He went right as I went and he scared the shit out of me.
I jumped like a cat seeing a pickle. Look it up, YouTube.
Cats think, have you seen the cat pickle videos?
Cucumber.
I don't know anything about these.
Cucumbers, yeah, but I bet a pickle would work for a smaller cat.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cats think...
What do they think it is?
Cats, that's the theory. I'd like to think we don't know.
There's a couple theories.
Cats, like there's just a million YouTube montages of people, if you put a cucumber out of the line of sight of a cat,
when the cat sees the cucumber, it freaks the fuck out. It leaps ten feet in the air.
I guess it thinks it's a snake.
Yeah, I mean I grew up in Chicago, so I understand that reaction to raw vegetables.
Hey, oh, a lot of meat in that area, not for me.
You're suspicious. You're suspicious of the...
Sushi regular, what?
So the guy went plop, and I freaked out, but when I looked at him, he wasn't looking at me.
And as soon as I was marveling at it, once we were a tasteful block away,
I'm not going to talk shit about the...
As I walk through King's Landing, I'm not going to talk about the lowborn in front of them.
I wait until we're near the Red Keep or whatever it's called.
And then I said, what was that all about?
That guy scared the living piss out of me.
And then he wasn't looking at me, so he wasn't doing it for my benefit.
It's just kind of weird.
And then Steve Levy said, isn't it possible he had schizophrenia?
And I was like, yeah, great, what the fuck, fuck you.
Okay, great, yeah, so of course it's possible, yes, very likely.
But I remember that umbrella, what was his motivation?
And then Cody said, my girlfriend said,
I think he might have been signaling the other guy,
because there was another guy coming up the sidewalk,
and they did have some kind of rapport.
I have nowhere to go with the story, but it's just like two...
The opposite of schizophrenia, that's like velociraptor signaling.
The idea that that's like high-functioning like shit.
And the other theory is that the guy thought I was a dragon,
or I'm not making fun, I am making fun of mental illness.
I'm generating fun out of it.
I'm not trivializing the pain one endures when one is mentally ill.
It's bizarre to move to Los Angeles and see,
you know, because it's beautiful outside, and so you don't have to seek services.
Again, I'm from Chicago, so there's a certain...
You could theoretically live...
You could live...
I'm from Milwaukee.
Outdoor for a very long time, and so people don't seek services.
Also, LA is really shitty at providing this stuff.
This is why at Harmontown, we are working hard to turn that around.
Right, Dan?
One of your major...
Certainly all proceeds from NerdMelt tonight are probably going to the homeless.
Yeah, I'm sure of it.
I talked to them about that.
They said, yes.
But it's intense because it's definitely...
Yeah, it sounds like maybe you figured out what had happened there.
You know, like, sometimes you see a person on the street,
and you want to say to yourself,
what happened here?
Because I'm not a super amazing person.
I'm just a regular guy.
I got cool jackets, but I'm just a regular guy.
How did I get so lucky to live this life?
And then, my motivation to say nonsense words at a loud volume,
I'm able to suppress.
Right.
And so then it's like, well, congratulations to me.
Right, and then I look, I imagine me,
I mean, you seem like a more tactful person in general than me.
Obviously.
I'm one step closer to that guy
because I actually have a reputation for saying things out loud
that you're not supposed to say at the wrong times.
But I'm one step... I definitely always go...
Can you get that beard going on?
There's a lot of stuff.
I always go like there, but for the grace of God,
like it's just like, it's a drop of this and a pinch of that.
And it's like, and also within the context of our society.
So that's even more tragic because it's like,
I think about when people have like oppositional defiant disorder,
it's like, oh geez, what a prick.
That guy doesn't know how to work at a Kinkos.
But it's like 500 years ago,
which is no time at all in terms of humanity.
Like, I'm sure oppositional defiant disorder was like,
made you like the captain of the Kingsmen.
World's best knight.
Yeah, like you were probably,
it was probably like really paid to have like a hugely like dramatic personality.
And now we're just like, I feel bad for anybody who's like,
who's like, yeah, who has no choice but to be like, bluff.
Right. Their shit doesn't fit into our shit.
It might be our shit's the problem.
Also, you know what else for folks that might even be here
or folks that are able to deal with their stuff through like,
you know, maybe medication, other stuff like that.
Congratulations.
I'm so happy for you.
Yeah, we never celebrate it.
Something has happened.
We don't celebrate that enough.
We don't talk about people that are functional.
Next time you walk past a crazy person on the street,
take the time to say, yay, I'm sane.
And then say to them, I'm sorry, you're crazy.
It'll make everything better.
Okay, so were you ever in a bar or a restaurant?
And you got brought like a drink and it looked kind of tasty
and you were like kind of surprised.
And then the waiter was like, oh shit, I'm sorry,
and like took it to a different table.
Yeah, for sure. What'd you get that happened?
I was in New York.
I was with somebody and that happened.
And then we were joking about the fact that,
that actually, what if that was a cool thing
that if you're super rich, like that was a delicacy,
where you order your drink, you're like,
I'll have the usual Smithers and anything like that.
Manhattan, straight up, a pinch of lime,
briefly brought to the wrong table, then taken away.
Right away, sir.
And every time that's happening to you,
there's just like some cool ass dude
that's made it to that level and is paying 580 dollars
for their drink.
It's not about like, it's just like,
they're convinced that they can just taste a hint
of your disappointment.
That's the vermouth.
If that's a service that should combine that
with somebody making enough eye contact with you
that you think they're saying hi to you,
but then they're saying hi to somebody behind you,
they brought that shit together.
If you could bottle that.
You get a drink for a second, they wave to you.
Oh my God, who are you?
I'm trying to place you.
Thanks for getting me at the airport, stranger.
Oh, them.
How many times has that happened to you
versus how many times have you
perceivably accidentally done that to somebody?
Because I feel like I've never done that to anybody,
but I'm constantly getting milked.
There is another thing that's happening more and more,
and I don't know how, I mean obviously you're recognizable
from this, but I will say my face is something
that I sell for my business.
You sell your television show, I sell this face.
She makes an organic.
Mass to be worn by Kim Basinger
and the original Batman, as you know.
But my point is,
I never saw it.
Fuck you, fuck you, that's very funny.
Now that cannot be ignored.
No, so something I will do very frequently
is like somebody looks at me,
I kind of assume something is going on.
The best example of this, Dan, if I may,
is that when we first moved to Los Angeles,
went to the dog park with my wife, Ria, who you know,
and I said to Ria,
that woman over there recognizes me.
And then Ria said,
no, that is Sarah Paulson.
You recognize her.
That's fantastic.
That's right, I'm 50 years too young for her anyway.
Okay, all right.
New topic.
Moving on.
I think we're doing great.
We're killing it.
You're killing it.
No, you are.
I think it's you.
Oh, Dan, I think this is a nice pairing, I feel honored.
Spencer, you're doing great.
No, I think it's her.
I think it's her.
All right, so here's a half-baked thought.
I don't think I've talked about this up here before,
but my brain is Swiss cheese,
and every day is an adventure.
Someone just stopped me.
Really stopped me.
I talked about this three weeks ago.
Should somebody stop you?
I don't want to be that guy.
Really?
I feel like, okay, so, like, ugly people.
No, this sounds new.
This sounds new.
Oh, I should have.
I had a chance there.
I should have.
I feel like race in America.
I feel like, so, ugly people and attractive people should be better friends.
And I don't know if they'd outnumber everyone who's neither ugly nor attractive,
but I'm curious about that because I know for sure that the clothing industry,
the concept of fashion, was neither developed nor is depended upon by the ugly or the attractive.
Because as we all know, attractive people can wear anything,
and not to cross any boundaries,
but what reminded me of this is your wife walked into the green room
wearing like a baseball jersey.
Oh, what's amazing.
She's wearing a baseball uniform.
And like the socks pulled up to halfway up the calf,
and she had a baseball cap on it and stuff.
She's Rhea Butcher, so it was like, yeah, well, come out and show them.
It's great.
Look at this.
Rhea, pull your shirt down in the back.
What?
Pull your shirt down in the back.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
Aw.
Okay.
You see this?
Especially came from a baseball game.
Well, so, but I thought because I was like, no, I was like,
oh, it's like Andrew McCarthy wearing bowling shoes in mannequin.
Like it's like, that could have easily just been a fashion choice.
Absolutely.
Because an attractive person can wear anything,
and then everyone would just be like, oh, should I be wearing that?
So can an ugly person.
I wear whatever the fuck I want.
And everyone's like, okay, well, I'm assuming he got lost somewhere and confused.
But I have no beef with attractive people, nor they with me.
We don't have to fight about fashion and rules of clothing and color coordination
or shape or anything like that.
It's these medium people, these people for whom the slightest variation in a shirt or
pant can make all the difference in this war where the middle god,
it's a game of yards and inches.
They're tyranny, we suffer from it, and I have a feeling there's way more ugly
and attractive people than there are these, who are these mythical fucking
shlub nubs?
These mug dwarfs, what do they call them in Harry Potterson?
Don't you feel like there's also, there's a...
These nickel nicks?
Yeah, that's what it is.
It's McNuggets.
You're thinking of McNuggets.
By the way...
Oh shit, god damn it, not to get off on a tangent.
No, but like, two nights ago, I was about to go to sleep,
then the last thought I had before I went to sleep, and I did tweet this,
but this is the first time I've ever said it out loud, besides Seria.
The last thought I had for, as my eyes were closing, I sat right up in bed and I said,
Oh, chicken nuggets are chicken nugget.
Do you know like, nugget texture? Have you ever seen a nugget get made?
A chicken nugget is chicken nugget.
That is the most, that's amazing, that a human brain can come up with that.
Anyway, I don't mean to like, toot my own horn, but Jesus.
Sidebar, but my point is...
Dude, but like, chicken nuggets are chicken nugget.
Do you know what I'm saying, McNuggets?
I got distracted by something. I remembered something tangentially related.
Was it chicken nuggets or chicken nugget?
No, I just remembered, because you're talking about talking,
I attacked my girlfriend physically in my sleep.
I'm sorry that happened to her. How'd that happen?
I was having a dream that, in the dream, a man who looked like my brother,
but who was Jeff Davis,
because I had the voice of Jeff Davis, but the face of my brother,
I remember the dreams that they were just antagonizing me,
and they just kept antagonizing me, and they were like threatening me,
and they were doing everything they could.
The dream culminated in me going, that's it, I'm going to solve this problem,
the way my archetype, I guess, in their cortex,
and I woke up to Cody going, baby, baby, whoa!
And I was like, hitting her face.
Now luckily there wasn't a one-to-one analog to what I was doing in the dream,
in which I was like, he-man.
I don't know if they chalked that up to just, I'm just not fit,
or I would hope that it's like, no matter how hard you try to kill someone.
But she, I just, you were mentioning the...
How did she respond? Is she okay? Does everything all right?
It doesn't even make any sense how she responded.
She was like, baby, baby, you're sleeping, wake up!
And I was like, oh, and then I was like, oh god, oh god!
She's like, it's fine, it's fine.
That makes, that makes tons of sense, that makes tons of sense.
I am terrified of everything, I can't watch scary movies,
I have a lifelong fear of the dark, I sleep with the lights on,
and like, a lot, as an adult now.
When I'm out of town, Rhea is a sleepwalker,
and she will wake up in the middle of the night,
she'll sit up in bed and go, no! No!
Alright, let's bring out Rhea Butcher, everybody.
That's true, though.
Actually, I should have waited until...
Well, when I go there...
If you sit, then it means that I get to sit, and I'm so fat.
But I want to have, I want to have a theory,
let's talk about this for one second,
but I do want to address what you said,
because you know what I'll stand?
Hey, this is my thought on this.
I think really attractive, really unattractive,
I think that's an overlapper, that's a zipper,
that goes up and down.
Oh, you're back to that, because you're fucking ejector seated from that shit.
I know, but I didn't think about it.
I was talking about that, and you're like, big nuggets!
I'm sorry.
I was like, fine.
I mean, I agree that that's also important,
what I said about chicken nuggets or chicken nugget,
but I do think that I think human faces have, like,
elicited a reaction from us.
There's a stupid meme that's been everywhere that's like Angelina Jolie
and Steve Buscemi at the same age,
and it's like, what in the world?
They look exactly the same.
Have people seen this?
No.
They look exactly the same.
They have the same face.
Hi, Rhea.
Hi.
Is it true you're a psychopath in your sleep?
Yes, 100% true.
Do you walk?
Well, I get up.
I don't know.
Does that talk the talk in my sleep?
Sure, yeah.
I talk a lot in my sleep, and then I also get up,
and then I sort of do this.
Oh, oh, oh.
For non-subscribers, no matter how attractive the person,
not a position you want to find them in.
You cannot make sleepwalking look good.
I don't care how hot you are.
You're always going to be like...
Like standing over your wife?
I did that once.
I started tucking you into bed.
The worst.
Pretty bad.
And you're awake and going like,
Thank you.
Everything must be tucked.
Untucked things must be tucked or die.
I'm tucked.
Thank you.
Your job is done.
Back to sleepy time.
But it is like full on screaming.
No, no, no.
Then right back to bed, then our...
Oh, no.
Then we have an en suite bathroom that had a short.
Yeah, that's right.
And en suite is what you just said.
Yeah, that almost drifted away.
Like I said, when I went to my lober,
I was like a straight guilt.
Like it's lesbian tuck.
En suite means like they respect you as an equal.
Full of dildos.
That's what it means.
Dildo deodorant, dildo toothbrush.
It's when you walk in there and you are en suite.
That's why it's called that.
It's just a bunch of chapstick and Subaru owner's manuals.
I don't know.
You got it.
I'm trying to...
That's what I brushed my teeth for.
Just a Subaru manual.
I'm right up to date on my lesbian cliches.
I swear I looked it up just decades ago.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Anyways.
Oh, wait.
That means a bathroom that's connected to your bedroom.
So en suite...
You walk through it to get to another room.
No, it just means it's connected to your bedroom.
So you can see from your bedroom.
All right, property brothers, whatever.
Oh, okay.
Okay, okay.
The only reason I use that word is because you can see it from our bed.
Right.
And for a while, there was a short in our light switch.
And in the middle of the night, it would turn on.
The lights would turn on.
And there was no one in there.
So imagine, like, you wake up, your wife is like,
No!
Goes back to bed, lights go on.
Pretty terrifying.
But not for me.
I was asleep the whole time.
Then our little eight-pound dog gets up, starts like...
Oh, shit.
Yeah.
Dogs know what's up.
I know!
Dogs can see ghosts, like, for sure.
For sure.
I was...
I was a girlfriend in my 20s.
I was visiting my parents, and I was in bed with her.
And I thought I was awake, and I thought I rolled over in my wakefulness
and thought that I recognized that there was a gray alien in bed with me.
Just mocking me and going like,
Ooh!
And I did what you would do.
I went like,
Ah!
And, like, pushed the alien away.
Because if a gray alien climbs into bed with you
and pulls the covers over itself and waits for you to roll over...
Waits it out.
It's probably...
If you start to push it away, you'll have the element of surprise.
Absolutely.
Oh, my God.
It's not going to expect you to do that.
That weird gray alien is like,
Oh, no!
My plan!
I had no idea he would react like a monkey would.
Oh, push it!
No!
Retreat!
Call off the global strike!
They know not to flail!
They push!
I covered most of my body with the quilt.
There will have no success in this invasion.
Signed Marco Polonio.
Meet Mopmoop.
He's like the...
Anyways.
Yeah, I get it.
Advanced guy.
Well, I guess that's the end of the story.
I'm just like alarmed that I'm capable of...
Let's face it, violence in my sleep that will affect my lover.
I was very, very disconcerting to me.
I also recently woke up, because I haven't been walking around,
but I have been waking myself up.
Usually, like, I'll fall asleep at 11,
and then I wake up an hour later and I go,
Every night.
So, I sleep well, is what I'm saying.
And the other night, I fell asleep,
and then an hour later, I had a dream wherein I was being shot.
Like, point blank, like this close.
Somebody had a gun.
Shot.
And shot me in the gut, and I went,
And I can't even make the noise again,
because I actually made the noise that I would make if I was shot.
And it was, because I woke up and was like,
Oh my God.
That's what it'd be like to be shot.
And that's the sound I'm gonna make?
Dammit.
I didn't think I could fear getting shot more than...
Now when the bullet's coming, I'm gonna be like,
This isn't gonna end well.
Look at how tough I am.
I thought maybe I would be one of those people
that just stands there with a blank face
while their guts, like, spring it on behind them.
Because maybe the one thing you can count on me to do
is just be so lazy and unalert that I get shot
and I look like John Wayne.
Because I'm like, I didn't know what...
I talk in my sleep, apparently, like, constantly.
Cody is charmed by it and records it.
Here's some more things about Cody.
Again, apparently, if you hit her in the face
while she's sleeping,
she will wake up, say,
Stop hitting me, you're asleep.
And then when you are mortified, she'll go,
It's okay, and go to sleep.
Whereas I, for instance, I had a girlfriend once
who apparently had a...
I awoke to a girlfriend
smashing me in the face with her open palm
because she was dreaming that I had a centipede on my face.
Oh, Chris.
How her augmented dream reality
included the real topography of my real face.
And she was like,
I mean, what am I talking about?
Who am I to talk?
Why was I in bed with an alien
at my parents' house in Florida?
But I don't remember being magnanimous.
It's not like I believe I looked at it
as an opportunity to be outraged,
waking up to being smashed in the face.
It never occurred to me that it was an opportunity
to be forgiving or cool at all.
I was more like shopping spree.
I get to be like,
What the fuck, man?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
No, it's just, yeah, fucking, what the fuck, man?
It's just like, you go to bed with someone
and you know, it's like a social contract.
Take it fucking with you.
I give you my heart.
A centipede dream?
That's what you think of me?
I don't know if I did all of that,
but I feel like that's what I did.
You got some of that in?
That's nice.
So I'm with a girlfriend who...
It's like, there's a...
I'm not going to spiral into self-deprecation,
but she's a better person than me
and I don't deserve her.
And she has recordings of me.
Oh, she's also charmed by my gibberish sleep talk.
Because I just say,
I don't even use parts of speech,
I just say, it's hard to do an impression of it.
Like speaking in tongues?
Like octopus rainbow.
There's no verbs or nouns.
I'm going to go, take it to the thing,
and then we go, and then we say,
well, that's what I usually say,
which is just like music to all of your ears, I'm sure.
Yeah, but for real, none of that comes out of your mouth.
Do you know that?
I know, you don't really say that shit.
Then what do I say?
No!
Okay.
No, no, no!
I used to say more than,
I used to say more than no because I was a child
and I didn't understand the world yet.
Now I'm an adult and I'm just like, no!
That explains something.
Halfway to death right now, no!
Hey, Cody, if you're listening,
it won't pay off so you don't have to do this,
but if you have the audio file,
the video file that you took of me talking to my sleep
in Palm Springs and you texted to me,
I'll be able to access it fast.
Wow, if you've just tuned in, this is...
It's a great show.
...Harmontown, behind the scenes.
Okay, all right, well, I'll give you guys a choice
of what we talk about next.
Yeah.
Okay, we talked about plump.
We talked about the ordering the drink thing.
I thought, I really shined there.
That really landed.
It's like, did I make a mistake giving up stand-up?
That was great.
We can talk about Beyoncé, Kanye...
Oh, oh my, wait, what?
Big otters.
I think we got a full stop on Beyoncé.
Oh, sorry.
I just mean, you know, we can also...
Oh, did you say otters?
But we can do both, we can get to it,
but Beyoncé is a bigger otter.
And we can talk about Beyoncé and otters so much.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I got so much to say about those two topics.
But yo, best way to see Beyoncé,
surrounded by otters for real.
Wait, when you watch this, what is this lemonade?
Is that her...
I have a lot of 43-year-old questions about what's happening.
What is this, lemonade?
Does she like to drink it?
I don't understand.
What's going on?
So she's struggling with the feelings of the adultery concept.
But the crazy thing is that it's through his label.
But is he producing it?
Is he like behind a board when she's like producing those songs
and going like, okay, baby, let's take that again.
When you hit the phrase, like,
I can smell her perfume on your dick.
Like, just really lean into it.
Like, remember how much it hurts.
Yeah.
Because I don't want another shitty album out of you.
When you say, boy, bye, I want you to also be dividing our bank accounts.
You know what?
I don't care.
That's what I've decided about that question.
I'm going to tell you why.
I don't know.
I don't actually think he was the producer on those tracks
because I read all the track listings
and Carter was not one of the names on it.
Knowles, however, was a name.
Every single song on Lemonade.
By the way, every single song.
Yeah. Well, because what I was going to say is,
I think, you know what?
It doesn't matter to me whether or not it's real
or whether or not it happened
or whether or not it's him
or whether or not she wrote those songs.
There was like a huge, when Lemonade first came out,
everybody was like, yay!
And then there was weird, sad white guy backlash
where sad white guys go like,
well, for a minute we talked about another thing.
Right.
Yay!
And then there was a lot of like, she didn't,
and what I, it's amazing,
we went to see her at the Rose Bowl two weekends ago.
Wait, so there's a sort of,
that seems like just sort of general internet erosion,
like yeah, and I'll definitely, as a spokesman
for fat white straight guys that are outside,
I'll speak, I bet we're very represented in that swarm
of people that are like, oh, this thing that was amazing
really just grabbed us and we all,
and then there's a sort of like weird erosion,
so I'm just, I'm curious about the specifics of that,
like people are going like,
she doesn't really believe in this?
Is that like just sort of questioning the magic of it?
Well, like that, and also like, did it happen?
When? How much was it?
Where were the hotels?
I want to see the semen!
You know, like everybody gets like...
But she's not singing about that,
now I'm Beyonce-splaining to...
I'm dance-splaining to Beyonce,
but I mean, I'm assuming she's not singing about a Colombo plot,
she's not going like, here's my evidence...
She's talking about her, that's all she's saying,
she's talking about what's going on for her.
That's what I heard, the five minutes I heard of it,
while my girlfriend was watching on her phone,
I heard, it was like, oh, she's coping with the feelings,
like which are largely,
and especially doesn't matter whether they're true or not.
Yeah, because it's like empowerment songs,
and so in order to make empowerment songs,
you have to be wronged,
and so like, she's setting up the idea that she was wronged.
Also, she's a black woman, so like,
straight up she's been wronged.
For real, like there's been some times where she has been wronged.
I don't know if you guys know anything about black people.
And women.
And a black woman.
Just speaking as a white woman,
just trying to tell you guys what it's like to be a black woman.
Because I may be a lesbian, but I'm still white.
Right.
And there's certain duties that are coming upon me.
Just when you thought I had perspective,
damn this lack of love melanin.
Yeah, okay, so that was us talking about Beyonce.
Now I'd like to talk about Kanye.
Oh great, let's hear it.
Okay, so stop booking him on your talk shows
just so he can talk crazy,
and then marveling at him talking crazy.
I've been over this.
He has seven number one albums.
We've given him permission to be crazy.
You know he's crazy.
It's like if you invite Gary Busey on your thing.
Except it's better,
because Gary Busey doesn't have seven number one albums.
And it's like, I honestly, I can't,
I don't like, I'm in this guy's corner
no matter what he does until he hits somebody.
He hasn't pooped or peed or hit anybody.
All he does is, I read the transcripts.
He was on Ellen, and he kept talking,
and boy, he was crazy.
I was like, well, what did you say?
What did you tell you?
Well, Kanye's going to come out,
and so let's put him in our sane segment.
And so he'll just give us the weather, right?
And he'll be totally accurate,
and we won't have to check that.
He's like parading him out,
and then asking him anything.
Kanye, toast.
Toast makes me think of Picasso.
Picasso makes me think of me.
Me as a genius.
Einstein as a genius,
but nobody can feel this.
I can't feel this.
When I wore a shirt to jacket,
I went to school,
and I was like,
that's all about what you do.
It's about the rhymes you put on your pants,
and then you put on your shoes.
Stephen Hawking can do it.
I can do it.
Van Gogh can do it.
Who are these people?
They're dead now.
That's why I feel that Black Lives Matter
or whatever, he's like,
and everyone's like,
oh, he ranted, or he's crazy.
I just wanted to say.
Isn't it also amazing?
He needs my support,
and I'm on his team.
Hey.
I can't get through
a single one of his number one albums,
but I love his personality.
Thanks for that.
Isn't it interesting that he and Beyoncé
are having this moment at the same time?
They're having parallel moments,
but I think she is very indicative
of the female experience in 2016.
I think he's a little bit indicative
of the male experience,
because the most interesting thing
he can do right now
is completely melt down.
He's had so much power,
and he's like, oh, it's too much.
And I am crushed.
And then Beyoncé's like,
you want to see crushed?
Look at these thighs.
I will sit on you.
Women have to be like in charge
of their brand.
And they're like, fuck you boys.
Also, look at all this.
Can't touch it.
Get away.
Come here.
So serious.
It's Hillary and Bernie.
I'm fucking telling you.
Dude's hair is crazy.
We're like accurate.
Ladies are in power suits.
This is where we are, man.
2016, man.
Cameron Esposito's meltdown on Harmontown.
Will leave you speechless.
You won't believe what she said.
Also, what are those articles?
It's like, what are you,
you're typing about a thing
that happened on fucking TV?
TV's already on the internet.
I fucking hate all of you.
It's like, oh, here's a person
that's one of the eight
interesting people left in the world
because his craziness
hasn't fit down the drain yet.
Like, oh, I'm Picasso.
I love, I love, I love, I love
aqua, aqua, aqua fresh.
What Picasso aqua fresh?
Get a room.
Noop, doop, doop.
Click, click, click, click, click.
You're crazy.
You're the crazy person.
You're a drone.
Did he really say he liked aqua fresh?
No.
Damn.
I won't, I won't, I don't,
I don't know.
I was about to be like,
I'm a decanier now.
I like aqua fresh.
But also like shout out to Ellen
for having like multiple video
scandals in the last couple months
and just like staying relevant.
What else did she have?
What was her role?
Well, just like people are yelling
about weird, like Hillary was on the
show, she was dancing and everybody
was like, that's not the right,
that's cultural appropriation.
Did she like work the day out
or something like that?
And like perhaps, but also like,
I love, like, where to stay
relevant, Ellen?
Where to, where to fucking get
in there and fight, man?
Just keeping your shit going with
weird, I mean, weird animated
gifts.
Yeah, cause I just think like.
Well, isn't her show on every day
it would be weird if she didn't
have relevant people on.
Like it's like.
Well, but she's also like old
school talk show.
You know what I mean?
Like James Corden is like, this is
a full functioning dance club
and airplane inside of a taxi
cab.
And we are also doing
two minutes and everybody that
gets in this will be the most
famous person you've ever seen.
We're doing karaoke where they
sing each other's songs.
And that was just like, oh, I'm
just going to dance.
Well, she must be doing something
right.
She's been on the air for a
million years.
I've never seen it.
She seems to be having a
wonderful time.
Do you know what's weird?
I've I've seen the show.
Can you believe that?
Do you know Tignataro?
Because we were talking about.
I know Tign.
Hey, you know what, Dan?
Good one.
All right.
I've been waiting for like six
years to do that.
Very happy about it.
All right.
Peak TV, Cookie Tapper 2, Simon
and Garfunkel, Big Otters.
Oh, let's, I told the director
of Great Minds to come on the
show tonight.
Let's bring out Heath Cullen.
No, you sit there.
There he is.
Oh, bullet.
Your name stuck in my throat.
I thought for a second there in
my drunkenness, I was like,
Cullen, there's an S, right?
S, yeah.
But you didn't call me Keith, so
we're okay.
Who decides that?
Do you think last names at a
certain point were all singular?
And then, and then ours was.
It was just a couple of generations
ago that we added the S.
So your theory is one for one as
far as I've ruined the show.
So sorry also about all those
vampire books.
I'm sure that was rough for a
while.
It was hard.
Sorry, guys.
Do not follow vampire books.
They're vampires?
Edward Cullen.
Well, it's Cullen, singular.
Yeah.
Because he's from a while ago.
He's a vampire.
He's been around for like a long
time.
They immigrated a long time ago.
All right, here's our segment
where we talk about otters.
Oh, shit.
So there's these otters in the
show.
Let's just show the audience the
video.
There's no video.
Well, we got your phone.
It's huge.
Just pass it around.
Don't old shame me.
There's these otters, I think,
in the Amazon, right?
Amazon, yeah.
Amazonian river otters.
Amazon prime otters.
No millennial.
It's a river.
Not of savings.
When's the last time you've seen
the sun?
She has dirt from a baseball diamond
on her.
These otters, they're called
them river wolves.
That's right.
Terrifying.
But really, that's kind of, I
shouldn't have said that because
it's more interesting to think
that, okay, there's these otters,
but they hunt caiman.
You know what caiman are?
Fucking alligator n-bomb.
Oh, no.
I just thought you forgot.
I don't know.
I just thought you forgot how to
talk about the guys with the very
long brow.
They left a while ago.
No, those are cavemen.
Cavemen.
Yeah.
No.
Just like these are,
like, like, don't make the
mistake of thinking of caiman as
a baby tiny alligator.
They come as big as alligators.
Yeah, almost.
No.
Big enough to be scary.
They're like five feet, right?
That's what five feet.
Are you?
Yeah.
Like, if you see that in front
of you, you're not going to be
like, oh, that's just five feet
of a gator.
Yeah.
I'm not gonna attack it.
No, I'd probably start biting at it.
Like an otter.
Right, yeah.
These otters, they travel in packs,
and they, uh, cause they're not rodents.
No, they're not.
How do you know so much about otters?
Well, we were talking about them today.
Wearing them physically.
Did you tell me that locusts are just grasshoppers,
or is that someone else?
God, no, I would never make that mistake.
No.
I'm no weak theologist, but everybody else has.
Come on.
You're not a fish scientist?
Cause I'm not that either.
So, but there's a video,
you could just watch like five otters
eat a caiman.
They hunt alligator.
And there's otters that hunt alligator.
That's it, that's all.
I just imagine them with like headbands on,
and like little like archery,
like a bow and arrow,
that they made out of like a pencil or something.
Well, Brian Jakes has taught us that
otters use slings.
Well, someone will get that.
I don't know if they're here,
but someone will get that.
I think Rhea did make a great point of order, though,
before we move on to the next topic,
which is that otters have tiny hands.
We swam with otters a couple of years ago
in San Diego, and it's weird,
cause they're little, but they've got full hands.
Imagine a full hand.
Imagine a dog walking up to you,
and then that dog goes like,
hahahaha.
Yeah.
Full hand.
With little nails,
and when they want it, they're like,
oh, they're gonna maybe swim inside your bathing suit.
It's adorable, but then they have little hands.
Oh my god, otter got hands.
Like they can go like this,
and they can go like that.
It's opposable.
Yeah, and I mean, honestly, as a woman,
hands in the bathing suit,
no problem that, like,
I'm sorry, back up and
what?
Only because
I'm getting so much pleasure,
because usually I am the person who's awkwardly
saying half the thought out things
about lesbians.
I was making a hands or dicks joke,
but I didn't get there.
hahahaha.
I always thought,
if I was gonna be an animal, I'd be an otter.
Like that would be like,
because they swim, and when I seen them
in Wisconsin, they float
on their back, and their bellies stick out
of the water, and they eat, like,
seafood off of their belly.
Yeah, they just get a nice surf and turf,
and they're just like,
and it just seems like, it seems like
the life, like when I get in a pool,
that's what I end up doing.
I'm not one of these people that plays,
let's splash each other,
or you get on my shoulders,
or let's bash our heads on concrete,
or let's bounce up and down
in a slippery fucking spring-loaded
piece of weirdly textured
sun-bleached fiberglass
that may or may not at any moment
have a different relationship with our weight
and result in a fucking
neck breakage that would be the most
ironic way to die after all you've spent
writing?
Otherwise known as diving.
Right.
The people that jump, I can't,
but you probably do it. No, I don't.
It's terrifying. I jump into a swim.
Yeah, Rhea, I can't swim. You can't swim?
No, no, no. I mean, I can survive in a pool.
Most people don't have to survive
in a pool. Most people, when they go on
vacation, they're like, this is so great.
When I'm in a pool, I'm like, this is so great!
I look like an otter.
Yeah, I mean, it's pretty awesome, though.
Yeah, I mean, I thought I could swim,
and then we went on vacation, and I was in the pool,
and Cameron was not, and then she walked up to the pool,
I got out of the water, and Cameron went,
oh, honey.
Because she had just, just having observed
everything you've done in the pool.
She was like, oh, I can swim. Totally no problem.
Yeah, yeah.
And then was like,
Yeah, I just like,
I took a couple solo lap in the pool
by myself.
It was a joke, because I took one lap, because I can't swim.
Is it because,
because I was a late bloomer swimmer,
and it was because
I never learned to have my face
in the water. Is that what you're doing?
Like dog paddling. Yeah, yeah.
Frantically. And surviving.
Because the reason everyone else can swim
is because they learn that it's okay
to have your face in the water. Yeah.
I do not, yeah, if I put my face in the water,
water goes up my nose. Yes.
Which is called dying. Yep.
It's called, it's called drowning.
It is a goal to avoid that.
So if I'm, and so you're like,
you're keeping your head out of the water.
Yeah, and that's called dog paddling.
Yeah, yeah, and it's called survival.
It's like being in outer space. Same thing.
Just like being in outer space
without a space suit on.
Yeah, well, it's like, you know,
there's a lot of ways to exercise,
but almost all of them you have
complete access to air. Yes.
And swimming is the only one where you have to
pick when you get air.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's why it's so badass.
Yeah, I mean, I,
that's my, I was a swimmer in high school.
Do you guys want, hey, what was your,
what was your special,
what did you specialize in? Oh,
are you asking what was my specialty?
I'm asking what was your specialty? Breaststroke.
Perfect.
This is from your
1970s lesbian sketch show.
The two woman
Rowan and Martin's laughing.
What kind of dog do you have?
Ginger, does ginger break? No, ginger snaps.
And pussy.
I don't have any.
I'm, I'm proud
to say I have no lesbian jokes
in my chamber.
I, I, to me
they look like jokes about beams of light.
And I look
at them, I go, why is that funny? Why is the,
why did one beam of light say to the other?
And I forget them.
Okay, so, okay.
What about these otters though? They, the thing is
when they don't just murder crocodiles,
when they do it
in a process that takes, what did it say,
an hour? No, no, no, like four to five,
four to five, it was a long. Multiple hours
they wage war. They sit on their stomachs
and eat them alive. Yeah. And they make
sounds that sound like what is it,
they squint, they make Justin
Roiland goat sounds.
Like the whole time they're like,
it's like really,
they're making the whole time. This is like,
this is like bone hours. That is spot on.
It's like bone tomahawk all over again.
Wait, they sit on them.
They eat them while
they're sitting on them. They, there's a group
of them, they get together, they distract it,
they get a hold of its tail. They're big.
It goes after, and then all of a sudden, like four
of them are on its back, spin it over,
dinosaur belly up. That's disgusting.
Oh, it's bad. It's bad news.
It's not, it's not a joking
matter. If you're a
caiman. I mean, I,
I had like eight, 12,
then they end up to follow
up.
Oh, you say a bunch of them get on the other ones belly
interesting, and then
they just keep eating.
Shut up.
I said to myself,
my point is,
Dan, that's terrifying.
I'm sorry to know about
it.
I thought for a second, you were like, Dan, that's terrifying.
I'm sorry you wake up hitting your girlfriend.
What is with you?
Are you on a space?
There's like a delay. No,
that would mischaracterize you. You're very on point.
It's just a callback to the delay from earlier.
Okay.
Much better than Jeff, I think.
I, no, no,
don't pick sides. Just, just, just stay
in your,
stay in your stalls.
All right, just, let's
have a moment of awkward silence.
It was my idea.
Let's welcome a guest
of mine that's here tonight,
because they're visiting from out of town,
and they're staying at my place,
which was always
promised to them, and I want to make sure
that they have a key.
Harmontown Jane is here. Jane, come
with us.
You're looking
surprised.
Okay. Yeah, well, that's a thing.
I'm not going to be like,
three days from now, I'm going to make you come
to my place.
Hi, Jane.
Fucking keep up, man.
Jane, how are you?
I'm doing good. I flew in, flew in
about four hours, six hours ago, six hours ago.
Have you been to my place yet?
I've been to your place. I'm checked in.
My key was under the mat. Your key was under the mat.
You dear man, thank you so much. Do you have
my key? I have it on my, yeah.
Okay. Do you want it back? No.
I just, ever.
I just, I just want to take a moment
just to repeat.
You have the key to my home and your pocket.
Moving on.
I give
and I give.
Hey, Dan, are you guys going to
use the same bathroom and it's not a fucking big deal?
I have a bathroom.
It's all sweet. They're separate bathrooms.
That's what I'm talking about.
She has an on sweet bathroom.
I've got an on sweet bathroom.
I think that was important that I did though.
What are you, your schedule is okay
because I've
been busy. It was like, you're
staying and then you're, you're in LA
and then you're going back. So I'm on vacation
and it's like the first vacation
I've like taken as an adult
like post-divorce on my own
without like a child in tow or anything.
And yeah, so I
came out to LA because I was born
and raised in LA.
So I touched stone with that past and then
I'm going up to San Jose
San Francisco area for a few days to hang out
in Crescent Moon Bay, I think it is.
They got a bed and breakfast there
meeting with some friends from college.
And then I'll be back down here next week,
for next week's Hardman Town as well.
But spending time with friends
from high school and friends from college.
All right, yeah. Well, we'll get to know
the human side of you.
At some other point, can I reduce you for a moment
to your role as just a
person? As a representative
of a group that
I was so stark-raving drunk
last time we spoke
which was on stage in Chicago.
New York, yeah.
See, there you go.
I've transitioned geographically.
All I remember is the last time we checked in
was that you had said
it was like that you had escaped
dichotomy altogether.
You were kind of like, oh, there was a
transition, but then it was like
there was a third act there.
It was just Jane, like I'm not
right, Pepsi or Coke.
Right, the journey had begun
that I thought I was going from
Glenn to Jane and that it was going to be
male to female, and that's where
I had thought I was going to go if you would have asked
me like 30 years ago when I was in college
that it was like, yeah, we talked about
my ideal then was back to Madonna
that, you know, I'm going to,
I want to go all the way.
But in the
year since, it's
changed. I'm comfortable, sort of
landing, sort of,
a lot of it has to do, so I have a son
who is agendered, who has come
out as agendered, he's 19 years old.
And it's
learning about, just
with language and with
experience and with culture,
subcultures that are accepting
of these in-between states,
I'm finding out that, oh,
this dichotomy that I was,
I thought that I had to exist on one side
or the other of, there are these in-betweens.
And so I'm sort of learning
as I go that I have other
options. Like, and
among them being like unlabelable
options. Well, yeah,
I mean, all the terms
that are coming up, you know, the
non-binary, NBG,
I mean, all the acronyms and abbreviations
and everything that are coming up for them, yeah, that
there are things that are just,
what's gender anyway, type of
questions. Who am I doing this for?
What, who am I trying to impress?
Who am I changing for?
And it puts me,
I sort of put myself into
this soup of options
and I don't know, and I'm actually
feeling pretty good about not
knowing. I think, I think
certainty is
the enemy. We have found in comedy, politics
and now
this. But I already knew
that.
What took you so long to catch up?
Opportunity is
the thing. I mean, that's
the brilliance.
How do you mean? You had the freedom to explore.
Right.
Yeah, opportunity gets eliminated by
certitude. Yes.
Fucking nailed it.
Like,
we worship certainty in
our culture.
I thought it was a weird, I
tweeted this thing. It was
not an original thought. I was retweeting
some dude that was
a pundit who said, it's a pretty
simple statement, but
I was amazed at the amount
of retweets
of my retweet.
This guy, they had a little
thing on CNN where they just talked about
the state of the media and, you know,
is the media responsible for
our dichotomous, kind of like
weird hyper-partisan
psychosis?
Or is
the media just faithfully
covering what is just a weirdly
hyper-partisan
psyche? I guess you can hear
from my tone what I think is the case.
But this one guy,
John Avalon from I think Daily Beast said,
Americans are no longer assuming
goodwill on part of the folks
they disagree with. And I was
kind of blown away with the amount
of people that were retweeting that.
I guess tying that into what you're
talking about, it's like
we are being trained, we're being
socialized to be certain of things.
And part of being certain
is you have to defend, you have to
compartmentalize. If you're certain
that a glass of water
is poison and someone walks
up to it and starts to drink it,
it's your duty as a human being
actually as a person who values
the human race and who hopes that we
survive to see a better day and
colonize various planets and outlive
giraffes, those fucking things.
Oh, I'm a horse.
I should have a longer neck. Don't let
them win.
Do you want to live in a world
where that's how you win?
We're getting
close, man. As of
Trump, we're like a close
just the dropoff
between us and giraffes got a little
less steep. Because I bet
the smartest giraffe is
like if you really
had the option of voting for them.
Anyways,
I want to thank you for that. I don't
know if you know, my son and I actually put together a compilation
of every time that you said
giraffe in the first 150 episodes
of Harmontown. And it is
six minutes long.
And it is on YouTube
and I encourage you to
find it because it's fucking hilarious. Because in biology
that's the first thing we learn when they're teaching us
about Darwinism. They use the obvious
example of the giraffe. I think you've
talked about giraffes more than you've talked about race
in this show.
I mean, what's the difference?
We're talking
about necks of different lengths.
Why am I looking at this?
What was your point?
Just hiding.
You know, I think
one thing that I just want to point out is that
number one, Dan
cheers. Love this
advocacy and I think it's awesome.
You patronize me?
No, go fuck yourself.
You're about to follow that up with a butt.
You're like, you fucking fat piece of shit.
No, I think it exists.
I think what's confusing about
right now is that that
is a great way to think. It's maybe the best
way to think. And then it also exists
in the same time when
being a minority group means that you have to really
fight for space. And so that is what's
happening right now that's very confusing
because to be in a minority group
you have to be very certain about who you are
in order to just have some boundaries
up around yourself. And that I think is why
it's so scary to exist right now
and be in a minority group is because
I don't believe that there is
certainty in the world.
This is such a joke about my haircut
in this very surface level, but
when I got this haircut it was the first time
that I felt like I really understood
what was going on with me because it really is
hapsies and that felt great
and it continues to feel great
and whoopsie days and the circus is going to
last for like, it's just a real problem
at this point. Can't get rid of it.
Going out, it's like asymmetrical
haircuts or a thing of the past. Everybody's got
a blunt bob. Fucking sorry
about it.
How much of it, just to interject, not to
derail, how much of that
when you talk about that, like
any move you made with your hair, how much of
it is inside and how much of it is outside?
Like the, as far as like
if I got all short
it would cause a shit story about how much of that is in...
I don't know that we can decide. I guess that's
what I'm saying, is that like
this still indicates, but not just that
it's not the performer thing, it's like this indicates
something to the world about who I see
myself and then this indicates something to the world
and so I think that's the time that we're
living and we're living and this time we're like
you have to carve out who you are and be really
specific about what you're saying, but
we also are fluid
people and we are complicated
and our world is complicated and we shouldn't have
to defend one thing forever for the rest
of our lives, so it's, we're in
a weird moment right now. You're in this point
where you have this, you have
sort of your personal culture, you have your
self-identity, but you have to exist
within the context of a society
and society is about
boundaries, society is about comfort, it's about
opportunities, but it's also about
boundary conditions
and I can't
just say to
the topic du jour, what bathroom
I'm going to use,
I can't go in and just immediately demand
that there's either a third option
or zero options after
I've been in there.
I've got mine on sweet, I'm cool.
I have to do a punchline of every
30 seconds I have. No, I've got a trans bathroom,
it's good. Okay, back to what you were saying.
But, to your
point Karen, I mean it's really, it is unsafe.
It's very scary, it's scary
for me, it's scary for me
as a parent for my son.
It's fair, I mean it's fair for my other son, who is
straight and cis, but is a strong
advocate for his little brother and for his father.
Yeah, I've thought, well
I would imagine, yeah,
I'm going to start babbling and hope
that somewhere along the line I'll be
adding instead of just babbling, but
it seems
to be that the American dream is moving
from, it's like we had a definition
for it and we're just slowly moving into this place
of genuine like egalitarian
kind of like, I don't know, it's like like a sort
of pragmatic view of what
the original framers of that
concept said
but weren't actually
thinking and it's like we're trying to create
a honeycomb where
within each perfect hexagonal
fucking comb
which represents
your right to not be mugged,
beaten, terrorized,
threatened, shouted
down, blah blah blah
but within
that perfect honeycomb that exists
in this ginormous
hive that we do rely on
and fear being excommunicated
from foster
bricks, that within
that we have
to start thinking of ourselves
as like a gelatinous
like organic ooze
and stop
bothering to go, well
I happen to live in this hexagonal
compartment
that's actually perfect
because as it turns out, I'm hexagonal
it's like, no
you're as much humanity
as can be poured into
that little cell
and like your liquid
and if you were to
for instance meet a partner that you
and you wanted to merge with them
you could eliminate a wall and that's where the metaphor
starts to break down but it's like
that we kind of like exist within there
we want to desperately kind of
we all want to live in this world where it's just like
oh shit can we
what if the conversations we had
had anything to do
we're on the next level
that weren't about like what does your hair feel like
and is that weird, how's the weather up there
I tell you like
oh Peter Dinklage are you a great actor
or are you just the greatest actor of that height
like just fascination
just fascination with each other's
bodies and their cheek bones
and pigmentation and private parts
and behavior in the bedroom
and when we fart and how we fart
and how we describe a fart
and whether or not a one syllable word
for a Japanese person is more
or less offensive than a multi-syllabic
crazy chain of syllables
that ultimately mean I'm just saying
this so I don't get in trouble
we're just terrified
and fascinated with all these surface things
but we all want
to be liquid
we want to be but we don't believe it's possible
because we're afraid we'll
I think we're afraid we'll
we'll run together
and we'll stop being
we'll be Skynet
and the computer will be like
oh I was gonna do that but fuck it
like Skynet will be like
oh shit I was gearing up to nuke you guys
but you just
evolved to the point where
nobody, nothing was funny
because you were all hanging out
that's where
I think that's the white
straight rage
our fear I think
I'll speak for them
and say I think the fear is
our toys are gonna get taken away
and everything that was special is gonna stop being special
and everything that was there and I think it would be
a mistake to look at that simply
as one privileged group
happens to have that
I think anyone would have that
in the state of privilege
what the fuck is going on
it's my show
now we're riveted
no more lesbians, no more trans people
can I ask you a question about the retreats
I control this show
I'm trying to talk about how I'm an advocate
Dan
you people are fucking it up
I think what you're talking about is
talking about how I'm a good smart person
you're wonderful
I think what you're talking about
is the very real feeling
of when you have 100% of the things
and then you lose some of that stuff
and then that becomes a real feeling of loss
it feels like an amputation
because you used to have 100% of the things
and I think what I'm talking about is this brand new feeling
of liberty that is happening
it doesn't exist for everybody yet
but it's more now than it used to be
my lovely wife we're moving tomorrow
to a new apartment and last night she said to me
in the second to last night
in an apartment that we have lived in
our first place in LA
she said to me there's a way in which we're
first generation Americans
and that's true because we are the first generation
that will have gotten married legally
like young
you know we got to get married legally young
so this is a weird fucking time to live
and I have nothing
to write about in stand up
it's so terrible
I was trying to think
I go to these stupid like branded entertainment
conferences where we talk about
oh could jiff peanut butter make breaking bad
you know instead of paramount
and it's like the answer
is no because
if a peanut butter company
makes breaking bad and it fails
which it will 90% of the time believe me
this is connected give me a chance
and let me pronounce chance like a french person
someone will get fired at the peanut butter company
but on the other side of it
writers have to overcome their addiction
to just thinking
that what you couldn't say 10 years ago
now automatically qualifies as
edgy progressive and stuff
I am so guilty
like all of my friends I like like that's what we do
like we push buttons like
like in this new world where everybody
actually does respect each other
part of the I think the fear is
among creatives particularly comedic
ones I think there's like an unconscious
fear of like well what's going to be funny
if everybody gets along
like if nothing's wrong
that's a to say not that not that we're
all envisioning a future where no one's ever having
conflict but it's like it's more about like
oh like you know what you never see
in Roddenberry's original Star Trek series
they never go to a stand up club like
like you see you you
you get a hint of how shitty music
gets
because
because Spock is the only musician
on the enterprise
and he plays a fucking like
rush instrument like he's like
I love rush and
3D chess
you
but they never go to a comedy club
and like
what would Roddenberry
and stand up be the answer is
it wouldn't
obviously it wouldn't have to do with Klingon's drive
like this and Romulan's drive like that
it would
it would be like
oh there would be there's like something funny
that's the big panic I think that's the big
there's a big fundamental question in comedy which is
like are we
just gonna pat ourselves in the back for
not hating each other and
take a 10%
skim off the top of our pursuit
of maximum comedy
I like
are we gonna like step things
down one gear for the sake of fashion
and say
oh I'm cool with everybody
and that's how you don't get booed off stage
in exchange
for that
I'm not gonna make you clutch your sides
I think that's the underlying fear
is that we would do that
but I think we've already done it
so Seinfeld is about
how other people are idiots because they serve you bad
airplane food or they are like
massage therapists but they don't
rub your body enough or whatever
she's a wrong rubber
she rubs you wrong
and Louie and
Marin and
I would say this current
experience we're having right here
comedy is about how we are idiots
no it used to be about how other people are idiots
it's about how we are idiots
and so that's one direction that it's
gonna go in that already has gone in and
hey I can think I'm an idiot for a while
so I'm trying to crack
that safe because my first
like 15 years doing this job was
just like respect me
please
and then thank god I'm still a woman
because yeah I mean
we got a fucking minute
you got tenure
you're gonna die reaching
you better believe it
if history is any teacher
I mean we'll have an octopus president
before I'll
at least that octopus is honest
you know
I just
I just don't
trust her
she's a woman
what are you even talking about
I'm a Hillary supporter
that's a whole joke
just want to make that clear
is there a
dare I poke into this
do you guys share that
or are you one of these wives that just votes
we're both super into
the other night I was walking out
and I'm really glad we're like both
into Hillary and both the same amount
because this would be very difficult
I find
that she's very inspiring because she has
been committed to her job for such a long
time and committed a politician and I also
find that it's like very
convenient that she's the only politician that we
call a liar all the time wonder
what that is because it feels like
all politicians are kind of sex
ships
so why would she
I wonder if there's anything
about her
that would make people so mad
because it's like she's like
has access to money which is so weird
for a politician
to have like money around them
because it's like every other former president
is just like living in poverty because they don't
take any money for speaking engagements
and it's really weird that
she does and I just feel like she's kind of like
owned by a lot of people
in a way that just nobody has ever been
owned by anybody certainly
not like George Washington
certainly not like other presidents who actually
owned other people
that happened for a fucking while
those people are
on our money
I wonder what's different about those dudes
with ponytails on our money
and this woman who doesn't have a ponytail
I wonder if there's anything
that we can
I
fucking love it
and I
for my own sake set up road flares
because I'm not informed at all
I think it's awesome that you guys are like
like I
because it seems like a shoe in now
I think that the media is now engaged
in the business of convincing us it's going to be a
squeaker but it seems to me
that aside from people saying
well no one could have predicted
everything else that's happened
are the only people that are saying like
anything other than
Hillary winning
I hope I'm not putting my thumb
on any political scale by predicting that that's
just going to be the thing it just seems like
that's going to be the thing and I've been kind of
careful for different reasons
in the past I've been just
a jaded asshole and said politics don't matter
because the bipartisan system is full of shit in the past
this election
I'm like specifically keeping my hands
up out of social terror
in a healthy way
because I don't want to
I sense that
to the extent that the office of the president is important
it's like I don't
want to get in an argument with anybody
that would be that stoked about simply
for the first time in all this time
a woman being behind that desk
at any cost or anything
I also definitely don't want to be a person
that waves that flag in the face of someone who's
stoked that this
fucking socialist creep keeper is like
fucking like
he's amazing too
he seems like a stand up guy
and is saying shit that a politician should stay
he seems like a fan of drones
and so does she
but there are politicians
the one thing
that did make me kind of
I was like oh wait, okay
I can be into a Hillary
thing
just watching what's happened over the last five
months is like
oh shit, all of this goes back to us voting for
a black guy eight years ago
the bipartisan system is collapsing
because we elected a black guy
let's elect a woman and see how much further
we can take
what is getting worse for women
I don't know if you remember anything called black lives matter
but
that was particularly tipped off by somebody named
Barack Obama having some power
and so then everybody was like we're really
out of all these black people
and the Republicans got so mad that we elected a black guy
I didn't fucking like
what's happening where are we
I mean even the Democrats are mad
because if you think back to the 2008
primary in West Virginia
West Virginia went for Hillary Clinton
in 2008
and then just in 2016
Bernie Sanders
so what does that mean
I don't know
what does delegate mean
let's start with the basics
what is a vote
is Florida the one shaped like a shoe
I don't
no it's shaped like a dick, you should know it
no I don't
I'm too focused on my own dick shaped dick
I'm like why aren't you more Florida shaped
why do you look
like fucking like Rhode Island
dumb
oh okay
oh because it's a small estate
you fucking asshole
damn
I was actually thinking of my actual
dick shape
take that home with you
I wasn't going with size
I was like why are you like a fucking
like
just a sliver of
territory
on a bloated
overfunded
hairy continent
you know
Dan I just feel like it's important to say
because I can tell
uncomfortable this audience is
that
you know I
think that
alright well how about this
fiscal, the stuff you're saying about Bernie Sanders
that he would change
our financial system in this country
wait when did I say that
are you saying that he's saying stuff that politicians should say about money
no dude
okay listen
I thought like let's
really lay out an accurate landscape
I know
10 minutes worth of information
about every single candidate
in totality
and like most of us I know an unfortunate amount
about Donald Trump because that's all we talk
about and all we're fascinated with
and then I have these slivers of things
that I kind of just pick up culturally
from my friends and I don't know
please don't make the mistake of thinking that I would
my objective this
time around I'm going to vote my conscience
and there's no
reason for me to lie about it
well I'm going to
I think it's going to be a choice between the fucking
Republican and Democrat
if that's the case
I'll vote for her
I'm not going to enact some weird rebellion
although I don't think anyone's a bad person for doing that
just to weave in our lesson
certainty is the enemy
I think one of the big problems
with our system
I think the reason it's become the way it is
we're so successful
as a nation that
voting is just sort of like this
gravy it's not like it doesn't
as much as we feel it's important
like it's not the same as in a third world
country where it's like one guy
works for Nike and the other guy
who grew up down the street from me
and he got us fascinated
Nike it is
the election is never
the stakes aren't that high in an empire
where it's just and so we've
sophisticated the process
and it's gotten to the point where
we spend two years before the elections
treating the elections
like a reality show including
everyone talking about who you're going to vote for
who you're going to vote for
and a lot like praying
it kind of removes the
important part of what voting
is when you're kind of doing it
publicly and thinking about it
as a team versus a team
and what inevitably happens is that
oh well it's always going to turn
into two giant fucking blobs
shouting at each other
and the real victims are the people who would
otherwise just go that's cool
but I
like I feel this way
and like for those people
I feel the political tragedy in the United States
is that those people are told invariably
what you're doing right now
whether it's not giving a shit
or giving a shit about the wrong thing
is equal to giving a shit about Donald Trump
because
because if she was to delegate me
he retakes Ontario
then Ontario could take that castle bond
that would be amazing
I think you're right about
so much of what you're saying
I just would say that
as a woman
it would mean so much to me
to have a female president
and I also like her
but I also feel that it is very offensive
when people say that you cannot vote for someone
because they're a woman
because that doesn't make me a single issue voter
because I'm a woman on every single issue
and I really think that right now we're living
in a very scary time for women
this last week
Oklahoma possibly making abortion a felony
like we will never be equal
in a country where abortion rights
can possibly be taken away
and there's so much at stake right now for women
in terms of economic justice
in terms of reproductive justice
and we're living it like this real crossroads
of the opposite reaction
if you're feeling that offense
the insinuation that the only reason you're voting
is for this or that
you can imagine the force you're pushing up against
which is somebody who's saying
Jesus Christ I've never felt more ashamed in my life
for being a woman than the day that I decided
to vote for somebody based on whether or not
they were going to make a good
that's another reason why I feel like
really really loathe to bring
my weird Heisenbergian penis
into the whole fucking thing
way more than it's like
it should matter more to
I don't even want to fucking get involved
I feel like a weird Tom Cruise character
coming into the fray
I'm something explaining to someone
no matter what I'm saying
well you know what, cheers then
if that's how you feel then cool
then you've achieved
because it should be important to you that a woman gets elected
and I don't want it to like
we're living in a time right now
and this is a great thing
because intelligent women could be standing
in a bar
and I could like them both equally
and they could be fucking
really mad at each other right now
and saying fucked up things
insinuating that
they don't think
about their vote the right way
and it's like for me to come in
I'm like I'm not going to make this situation
better
it's ultimately going to come down to
Pepsi vs Coke
you know
I can take this one out, it's only four years
what I'm trying to say
is that I recognize
I definitely don't
don't mistake me for a person that's like
don't mistake me for the kind of person
you wouldn't like
I did it
there's a trans lady
with a key to my house
I think don't mistake me
and I respect your right to vote
for who you're going to vote for
I'm Mr. Shmoo
don't mistake me
for a person you wouldn't like
is the rallying cry of comic
that's our whole thing
are you laughing now
at the things I'm saying
how about the tweets I'm saying out of my twitter phone
that's my honest position
that's the most honest I could get
I honestly just want people to like me
and I honestly don't care about
healthcare right now
and I don't have a skin
in the game of women's
reproductive rights
I can tell you where I stand
if somebody asked me to back up a tweet
I have very little skin in that game too
I mean
like Ria has never mind
what?
I was just going to say like never mind
the most honest position for me to take right now
is to say I'm fucking under informed
and I just want people to like me
and I want my friends to not hate each other
especially my chick friends
because they're also cool
well you know I would say
that I can sense the discomfort from the audience
and I would just
that is the thing that feels weird to me
is that people are uncomfortable talking about this stuff
because I actually think that's our boundary
if we can't talk about how it feels to be on either side
then we're lost
that's when people solidify their issues
is when nobody can talk
when people have to resort to name calling
I love the conversation we're having
cheers to whatever's happening for you
and whatever emotional journey you're going on
I know you thought this was a comedy show
I'm so sorry
but I really feel like
we should be muddling through this
this is stuff we should be talking about
we should be talking about the fact that
we have had a black president for the first time
and what did that mean
and we should be talking about all of these issues
like conversation is what
is what we need
like that's the answer to everything
we need to say for the other side
of that issue
well, yeah, but then there's the whole
draw a wall between that
and the point of view like
yeah, but that's boring
because what
I'm going to project on to them
a tremendous amount of
whether they're Hillary or Bernie supporters
and
hats off to Kyle
our Trump supporter
in the back
don't be shy
you're out there
I project on to them
a Dan Harmonish
kind of like overriding
thing of like
yeah, but if we start
if we really, it's like hard
to escape that gravity of that
thing where I honestly
honest to God
just in like your passion
for Hillary as a candidate
there was
everyone loves and
speak for myself
I respect and love you
we love each other
hey
fuck
I respect
I want you to like me and I like you
and I want to reward you
for your honesty and encourage
I'd never want to punish you
or anything like that
so I'm using that overriding principle
in you
so I can sense
the Hillary thing like
there's shit on the line for you
and I can sense your joy and your glee
and part of what comes with that meal
is just a little fucking chutney
of like fucking
spite
and if I just focus on that and go
what the fuck is this
did you just fucking imply
that I don't fuck with the boy
it's like I don't want
what the conversation kind of is
we all focus on each other's chutney
it's the grey alien in your bed
fuck
you were going to say that no matter what I said
yeah
you had that locked and loaded
was I then
hey Heath do you enjoy directing great minds
oh god I enjoy
directing great minds
more than I love sitting up here
is a heteronormative cisgendered
male
hearing about that
no I'll live in it and I'll say
I would happily vote for Elizabeth Warren
oh no like seriously
vote for yourself on that
we don't even want to open that can of words
I don't you're exactly right
nor can I
but I will say it has nothing to do with
Hillary's gender that I don't want to vote for
if it didn't have anything to do with Hillary's gender
you wouldn't say Elizabeth Warren
no I would I'm normalizing
that as the variable
I have so much to read
anyway
I'm going to vote for
you're sweating so hard all over you
great minds
tell us about this show
it's wonderful
now you're just where is the way I can
sled the knife in like where's the chink in the air
no I don't want to murder you
I would like to educate you
I'll vote for I'm going to vote for
I'm going to vote for
look what I did I changed you
you did
with sadness and earnestness
look we're all going to vote for her
we're going to have to
but like just for a minute
taking a minute to just acknowledge
the fact that I maybe
just shamed you into that
and like how that's beautiful too
congratulations
as a woman that's so beautiful
I have that power I feel like
yeah
I got you to
second hand I got you to open that button
you're welcome
yeah as a cisgender
straight male
how much is that
perfect
I do want to know
I want to look back at your
I'll talk about great minds in a second
but I do want to look at your retweets
because the great irony of this whole thing
on the quote
of everybody should be nice
and just talk about the issue
is like you got a retreat by Rush Limbaugh
and Donald Trump
and like these horrible people they're like
yes we should be nice
meanwhile they're popping Vicodin and screaming
about shouting people down
you use the pronoun you and I don't know
the retweet
I just want to look at the list of retweets
you got on your retweet
I was kind of amazed it was like
sure some of them are sensitive
in the movie
I was present
but I just mean the irony
among the
apatow or whoever retweeted
the progressive minded people
you would expect to retweet
let's disagree about the thing at hand
and be nice to each other while we do it
also total dick faces
like Trump and Rush Limbaugh
also retweeted it
we should do that
that's why I'm losing you
the tweet that I retweeted was a guy saying
he was
it was a correspondent or whatever you call him
a pundit just saying like oh we've lost
yes I got okay
right and then you have an asshole who is
we've lost the capacity to entertain the humanity
of a person that disagrees with us
that's me paraphrasing
are you being literal did Rush Limbaugh
retweet on that?
I would be interested to look at who retweeted
your thing
I'm all caught up I'm all caught up
well yes from the past
he has a twitter feed
everyone would agree Hitler and Jesus
would both agree
do one to others
some things are so true
I couldn't agree more
but I think we all know what Hitler would do to Jesus
too soon
listen I'm trying to give you jokes
are they
extremely
contentious jokes
yes they are
but Jesus was also murdered
that's one of the main facts
about Jesus
if you just figured out now
that Jesus might have been murdered you missed
the whole point of Jesus
spoiler alert
he dies
that guy did not make it
he pulled the rock away and that's what we celebrate
Easter
and it was shaped like an egg
it was shaped like an egg shaped
oh my god
easy to push
great minds
what do they call that a murder's row
of
great minds
please talk to us about this show
you guys have just made it
we finished it today
congratulations
wonderful
is that the phrase you say a murder's
row and it's like when it's a hit list of
awesome people or something
it was a murder's row
I think it originated with a row of people who were
good at murdering
like not in cells
there was just a row
just like murderers
like to stand next to each other
I don't know if you know this
I'm imagining like a bench at a basketball game
but it's just murder
do you think murderers like to stand next to each other
because they can tell who else is a murderer
or do you think there's a crazy thing
where murderers have
evolved to project a non-murderous
pheromone
so all murderers chain together
they have a hydrophobic head
and a hydrophilic tail
so they naturally chain together
it's like an amino acid
that's what I'm talking about
no science on the weekends
the murder is always like
just recognizing the murder behind you
and you think it's talking to you
always the murder behind me
so embarrassing
where the hell did you pull that out of your
hydrophilic hydrophobic
that's on the tape of his tongue
cell membranes it's not exactly rockets
don't take
they're impressed with me
for one second people are impressed with me
she's a science person
no I wasn't impressed
I was surprised
fine
and you're like that's not a surprise
it's like a squirrel trap
dual layer phospholipid membrane
embedded with proteins
I love you and that's why I poked your belly
yeah I got the key to his house
okay small talk
small talk
go
nice weather
okay so
I'm really bad at
just interacting with people
we mischaracterize it as small talk
we have this thing where we go
oh there's small talk
where you say these
no one ever has a small talk conversation where you go
oh it's nice weather
everyone is always trying as hard as they can
to kind of connect
sometimes you're just trying to
like get away
that's true
you're biting your time until it's politically
possible to get away smoothly
I'm always trying to do that
when I sense that I'm not going to be good in the conversation
like
do you regularly
have conversations with people who you can sense
are actually doing everything
on paper right
like they're being effusive
they're being complimentary
they're being
open
they're technically saying things
that are like oh I like
your jacket
not to make it
all superficial
are you often finding yourself going
like yeah but I don't
that doesn't set me up to say anything except for yes or no
and I feel weird like I have a script
and I don't fucking hate this
it doesn't happen often but I've
built my career around avoiding
those sorts of situations
you do it
you refuse great opportunities sometimes
so that
you have a career that has some integrity
hey Jane
what field are you in
just vaguely
I'm a research scientist
so I feel like you could avoid social interaction
for a while
I've spent a lot of years
avoiding positions of
managerial responsibility
or if I go to
an event
big quotes
just stand around
looking really uncomfortable
which is very easy
if someone approaches you
quickly go into a jargon filled
explanation of something
so that they then feel uncomfortable and leave you alone
I have a lot of outlets
that's a great way of dealing with that
I love that
I should have paid attention
don't worry about it I got this side
but your side got the great way
of dealing with something
god damn it
are you an introvert
or an extrovert
Dan Harmon
I don't think
I don't see the world through that dichotomy
we're back to certainty
well first of all I love that
that got around with applause
from like four people just like that
they like callbacks
they don't like politics
I also like thinking about a population of people
that are like their main oppressive
boxes are introvert and extrovert
that you just like
you like just hit on them
they're just like ah we could give a fuck about this Hillary Clinton shit
like race, max, transgender shit
don't give a fuck about it
introvert extrovert
yeah Myers-Briggs test
I fucking hate the Myers-Briggs
because because because
you would prefer a bathroom that didn't have urinals then
yes I would like there to not be
that is awesome as a follow-up
I think that's a weird thing to do to people
to make the P next to each other
or everything we do should be next to each other
we should poop next to each other
we should like high five while we're pooping
or we should get this P thing
separated
so growing up in Los Angeles
one of the things I remember as a child
was my dad dragging me to the bathroom at Dodger Stadium
and having to pee in a fucking trough
there was a trough in the bathroom today
I almost washed my hands in it
because they also had urinals
they had urinals
and next to it was a different
I almost washed my hands in it
I'll have this stainless steel urinal
gay people
we were at a gay bar
I'm assuming that's not a gay thing
no it's not
I think it's just a weird toad thing
that's how you have sex
the P goes down
you have sex with each other
and then you have sex with each other
that's the sexiest gesture
to describe it ever
pee up and down
that's it
would you google gay people
while
wait where were we
oh pee troughs
I think that's an important thing to say
I think
my demo
my audience
it is important to them
maybe this makes us children
maybe this makes us geniuses
maybe it makes us wandering idiots
that are satisfied to be idiots
maybe that makes us geniuses
maybe that makes us the biggest idiots of all
but I think we are
really really super caught up
with the fundamental line
between do I
need people
or do I actually resent them
it's something that
I own that
I have
all of my formative experiences
they have to do with
this weird relationship between
oh god I hope everyone likes me
oh I'm meeting this person
and I don't know what to do when I meet them
and I need them so bad
and it's so explosively uncomfortable
that the wiring
goes through me in a different way
and I try to calculate
my relationship with other people
and I'm trying to
but at the same time my heart explodes
with need from other people
and it's like that is like
it's not to be taken lightly
and I do think that people that feel
that kind of intensely kind of assume
you know this Hillary versus Bernie thing
that is very important
but whether this is a selfish
or luxurious or privileged
like statement it's sort of like
with what I'm going through
that's the kale salad
the height is like who should run the country
whoever is fucking running it
they're gonna be fucking neurotypical
and they're gonna make my life a living hell
like they're not gonna get me
and no one and neither is
90% of everybody and I'm gonna always
spend my life pushing up against
plexiglass and going like hey can anyone over there
hear me and if you can hear me
do you think I'm cool and if I say
do you think I'm cool a little bit less
will you think I'm cool so I'll fake it
if you want me to fake it I'm gonna do it
because I know that's cool so I will
halfway turn I'll give you a full
Hitchcock profile and say does anyone
think I'm cool
do you think I'm cool I fucked it up again
god damn it I leaked Chevy Chase's voice mail
I did it but I was like
oh who thought I'll turn my full back to you
I'm a hermit psych
do you like the hermit thing
like I do wanting and needing
and not wanting and not needing
and like actually and also on the other side of it
like people feeling their needs
walking into a room and being able
to read all of their fucking
like deficits and liabilities
and assets and like
you just can compile them
in an instant and you just read their
minds and it's like
oh how do I react to this piano roll of a
conversation it's a struggle
how do you alleviate that pain
liquor
not voting not voting
voting
it's like Easter it's like
oh who hid the eggs
okay I like
drinking that's the choice that's important
like
brown liquor white liquor yes
I didn't so first of all
you didn't understand any of that no I
get you completely
I understand where you're going from
all I meant by introvert and
extrovert and I love that beautiful
answer was it's a batteries
thing that's actually what I meant by it
like the introverts
they need to charge their batteries
themselves and extroverts charge their batteries
with other people I really think of
us as machines I mean I'm
a very introvert
yeah yeah no I'm a very introverted
person like I it's really
easy for me to talk to people behind a podium
or a microphone and
if you chatted to me in the green room while I was
eating string cheese which you did it would be no
problem and you would assume that that was easy but
I'm very I need to like spend a lot of time on
myself same here in order to fill
my battery more but
I don't it's different from the like or the
Larry Sanders character where it's like oh this is
artifice it's like this is where we actually talk to
each other not to say that we don't then go talk to
each other backstage but then we don't we're
workaholics and blah blah blah okay continue
no that's all I meant so so I agree
with you there's total nuance in terms of social
interactions and I was just talking about
like hey what fills you up so that
you can go do your job is it time by
yourself or is it time with other people
I think it's my cookie clicker game
right now yeah so time by yourself
I'm talking about my friend yeah and I think
a lot of performers are actually people
that really need a focused way of spending
their energy for me it feels very
comfortable to be behind a microphone because it
feels very controlled I have a problem with
lack of control and so I've just gone to
we're weird machines we're just
we're it's spouse our galactica is real
as I've just gone to this weird
transition and another transition
of my life like I don't have another yeah well
this one better be good this one's good
this one's this one's I'm sorry
but this was much more positive and
much more complete I mean if you're
about to tell us you went from vanilla to
rocky road no we're gonna be like so what
I went from research scientist at a
laboratory to the public
face of a museum
I'll stop
beating that joke
let me elaborate so
I went from from like
we called Ben Tratt I mean someone who
just literally spent all their time at the
research in research center working on
things I couldn't tell anybody about I did
that for like 16 years to being the
the research scientist
presenting the face of
of a museum I have to
lecture I have to travel around the country
I have to do all this
do blogs I have to do videos
and stuff
I'm an introvert I've always thought of myself
as an introvert but I've what I've discovered is I
also really like to be a teacher
not because I like being in front of people
not because I really like lecturing
but because I like
teaching people I like
watching the lights turn on and people's
eyes when they
that's my nectar right I mean that's the
thing that actually makes it worthwhile
but after giving a lecture some place
I will go back to my hotel room and I will
curl up and I will cry
because it was such
a beastly experience for me
to do it
but in the end it was so important
for the people that I did it for
but Spencer talks
about like before
performing I cry a lot
and you say you
shut up about it
before you have to perform
I get sick to my stomach
great when you cry though
but it's worth it
but if you do something and you know you nailed it
why would you curl up and cry
it's this weird dynamic
it permeates a lot of the stuff we were talking about today
this idea of
what really motivates you
you're motivated by the positive
that you're doing something good in the world
but you're also doing something
to cover up some personal pain
whether it's shame
or whether it's guilt
or whether it's something in your past
that you're always trying to do
what's motivating you
at a number of different levels
and for me it's shame
I remember being a child and never being able
to perform well enough
to make people happy
what are you expressing when you go home
when you go to the hotel
absolute fatigue
but also this overwhelming
sense of
did I actually do well
did I
everybody's telling me that
that's a loss of identity
exactly yeah
because you don't even know
because it's so out of kilter
I signed to myself
and you have no recourse to integrity
because you're like oh am I just a floating
like fucking cloud of
I hope everyone likes me
or learns from me or whatever
and if that's the case wouldn't I function
just as well in the 3rd Reich
as I do here in this environment
and therefore what am I
that hasn't crossed my mind
well it should you fucking Nazi
I'm standing by ground
and I say I was kidding
it's a post-Louis CK world
the comedy should be drier
I'm not gonna crack
and say I'm kidding
except that you'll now find me curled up
in a bedroom in your house
oh god it's gonna be my house
it's in your house
I'll be in en suite
in your
and what if the pillowcases from the guest room
get mixed up with the master bedroom pillowcases
and your tears
of my certainty somehow get into my pores
like three weeks from now
and I don't even know why
but I'm having an extra girlfriend-hitty dream
okay not a funny callback
I didn't know that's where that was going
it went all the way
you guys are like well there's
Dot connecting in the 3rd act of a show
and then there's The Wire
where you just
now it all makes sense
and yeah Dan
I thought your show was The Wire
we're not
just tired and wanting to go home
and watch Game of Thrones
alright well
it's getting about that time
Jane are you gonna watch Game of Thrones
with Cody and I
I've never watched an episode of Game of Thrones
perfect time to jump in
you'll know who everybody is
yeah just get in tonight
you won't miss a thing
yo straight up there's this chick
she's trying to not have a face
don't worry about it
you'll figure it out
it's intuitive
is the short guy who's a good actor
is he still
is he a good actor relative to all people
he's a dragon
are the dragons? I like dragons
he's a dragon now
he turned into one last episode
get it in the recap don't worry about it
there's three dragons one is castrated
and can't be burnt
he's taken over
the wall
the wall is south of King's Landing
and is covered with an umbrella
called the Unsullied
and I think a major point
just to remember is if there's a male character
and this does exist in a very gender
dichotomy
if there's a male character
not a lot of trans characters which is weird
although I guess like Bran of Tarth maybe
my point is if there's a male character
she's definitely gender queer
shit going on which I
I want to get on her shoulders
and I want to go somewhere
she could carry you easily
right
just because she has a crush on
you can be straight
gender queer
gender queer is not a sexual orientation
it is the way you present yourself in the world
we have to decouple those two things
which is what I was doing
but also I love that that was your limit
like watching what people's limits are
two hours and like
go fuck yourself
she likes that other guy
that is the first time you brought up Game of Thrones
she's a lady and I have no idea what was happening
there but she obviously was like
no wait a minute don't tell me I'm fucking anything
other than the most awesome person in the world
for consuming this material
it's got
well I was
what's his name
Baldi von Unich
he's a spider
didn't he establish
at one point that even before
they involuntarily
uniked him
he was kind of asexual
hasn't been hinted at that
honestly Dan that's a great point
it's not a good point and you're being sarcastic
you're using lesbian sarcasm
that is the face
of lesbian sarcasm to be fair
I've heard about it
my mom warned me about it
I read some backstory
stuff on him he was like
was he mailed to someone in a box
we don't know what's going on
remember when you got mailed that guy in the box
and they just drove to that
this doesn't sound like a positive trans role model
well what I was gonna say
is also like if you're watching a male character
and they're on screen like some shit might happen
they might fight
you don't know if you're watching a female character
some stuff's gonna go down
right quick
that's really true
that's really
you're saying that two dudes in Game of Thrones
can meet without one of them stabbing the other one in the gut
well they can have side conversations
we're like what are you getting
are you coming to see these whores? I am
have you raped lately?
what are you doing?
are we up here by this wall?
you don't watch Game of Thrones
she thinks it takes place in the 20s
Boardwalk Empire
I know that accent
they're like what now?
notice from the wall
there's giants beyond the wall
there's like
Tamini Hall
we haven't had the $5 plug
from Jeff because he's not here
but that was worth $5
for the people who don't have the podcast
thank you
I don't know
what you're talking about
it was very visual
I'm gonna assume
that
I find myself
when I'm watching Game of Thrones
the limited extent to which I'm
scanning for
like a
female abuse
in terms of
which characters have status
I kind of feel like
I'm not gonna throw out
a word like equal
because I think the world is kind of honestly primitive
and
intentionally not
but within that context
it seems like oh jeez
for a soap opera set in a world
where
everyone without a dick is weaker
than everyone with a dick
within that context
there's a heck of a lot of
agency
of female characters
that you're watching them make choices
and affect their power
obviously there are people in this
show that have power on all sides
I'm loving me that little
faceless Arya Stark
a girl has no name please
I know your name but my point is
let's agree on one thing that shit got boring
I had
it sacked
it sacked for a while
I will say that the moment where I stopped
diligently watching this show was when
Joffrey like
fucked a woman
this is seasons ago
I'm assuming based on the looks
of all of you that
you're caught up
rape spoiler alert
he uses a crossbow on a lady
and it's like
it's like
it's as if
somebody bought
croissant in the morning
it's a very side of like
there's no plot point to it
it's just happening
you felt like
were you a sopranos fan
I'm trying to think of other shows
do women get killed in shows
they do
well the decidedly
random
seemingly totally
unattributed acts of totally
random violence
in my mind
because I'm not
definitely a different perspective
all I ever perceive is I go
man part of what makes this show really great
is that you never fucking know
like literally Peter
Dinklage could die in the next episode
and they'd be like
dude we told you don't assume
that's like a valuable thing
in a show where we're conditioned
that's my
privileged like consumption
of that frosting as I go
all I'm perceiving is hey I don't know
what's gonna happen next oh she got raped
and you're perceiving it from a different perspective
or you're like
oh yeah that's the eighth rape
yeah I kind of feel like women can be
powerful without having to have
a reason that they became powerful which was their rape
and that happens a lot in that show
where they're like we're gonna make
sure this woman can be powerful somebody
attack her
and I just think like ladies got that shit
already and it statistically
happens to a lot of us so it ain't no entertainment
the source material
at which that series is based
that gentleman
could have created a world
in which by coincidence
as well if you can fart smoke
that kills a guy
he theoretically could have created
a world where
women and men
that power shift
does not exist
it's just hard to watch it's not even like I have
some huge political statement where I'm
sitting there going like this doesn't
match my Hillary Clinton love
there's nothing to it's just
hard to watch that stuff I have to
fast forward through it's just not fun
too it doesn't feel like
oh the stakes are really
being ramped up now I just don't want to look at
and also those actors it's actually also
that I feel for those actors who have to go through
the gals who are like
that's their job on that day and they have to be like
like there's a whole crew you know
like you do this job enough and you know that
there's like a whole crew and that like they got to
set that morning it was a five o'clock in the morning
they're in like Ukraine or whatever and they were like
okay so it's like a closed
set because like Sansa's gotta be news
and it's like a whole crew
yeah it's just it really
stresses me out there is a distinct
lack of dangling dong
in that show right
I love to look at
this on screen because I want to know what's going on
how are they attached
I don't
mostly crazy
you guys know
double-sided tape
if this is a spoiler fuck you
you're welcome
after what's this fuck
boring guy
kid Harrington comes back to life
and beardy pants
like
the thought balloon over Dan Harmon's head
that guy character of the Wildlings
big Popeye
when he like
he goes like they think you're a god
they think you came
back to life
what do you think
I've seen your dick
nobody
his magic could have a dick like that
that's small
Cody
as fate would have it because of like trying to
catch up and falling asleep and stuff
we watched that scene twice and the second
I was like I watched and he said that
nobody could have a dick like that
and I was like alright come on
and Cody was like that's what
you said last time I didn't remember
because I was drunk
I was like that's funny
that's the extent of where Game of Thrones
is abrading my sexuality
is that
one barbarian said to some emo guy
I think your dick is
I saw your dick and it's small
and I'm like take it easy
Game of Thrones
not cool
we're not dick shaming
alright
I believe dragons are here
I love those titties
I got all the swords and the sorcery
is there a Rhode Island equivalent
in the Game of Thrones
but let's not live in a world
where a man can just fucking like
let's not use this genre as license
to abuse
I think we agree on that
if
I was magic and could come back
I'd have any kind of dick I wanted though
if I couldn't be killed
that's not how it works
it's not Starman
same body
that's the thing that offended me
if you had bypass surgery
and the surgeons were like his dick small
it's not cool
meanwhile in rape country
are you done raping Mike
no I'm behind a shift
alright I'll help you later
and then TV guide complains
I'm like what's the world coming to
I'm joining your side is what I'm saying
alright Game of Thrones fuck it
it's a
yes I'll watch this with you
yes will you please join us tonight
sounds fun
I'll order popchips
is that how popchips are made
do you order them
I'm not stupid
wealth hasn't changed me
I know popchips come from the store
judge me
I'm excited to see how wealth
functions this will be fine
wealth functions fine my friend
Dan what's the name of a store
what's
a better
buyer
nothing
ask me what a gallon of milk costs
six power shards
alright
that's Harmontown I think
we should just end there
please open your hearts
and your
this is Roger
Cameron Esposito for
Guest Cop Charlie
Rhea Butcher
and her
Dustin Athletic Gear
Heath Cullen's director of great minds
for it on YouTube
and Jane
Harmontown Jane
she'll be appearing
in guest rooms all across
the Los Feliz
tribes fast to take
changes is that what Jeff says
oh Spencer god dammit
Spencer exists
hello
sorry
did you get any of that
it's a good show